README.md, before:

xmltree-rs
==========

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/xmltree/)

A small library for parsing an XML file into an in-memory tree structure.

Not recommended for large XML files, as it will load the entire file into memory.

https://crates.io/crates/xmltree

## Usage

Add the following to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
xmltree = "0.12"
```

### Feature-flags

* `attribute-order` - change the data structure that stores attributes to one that uses insertion order. This changes the type definition and adds another dependency.

* `attribute-sorted` - change the data structure that stores attributes to one that uses sorted order. This changes the type definition.

## Compatibility with xml crate
This crate will export some types from the [xml](https://crates.io/crates/xml) crate.  If your own crate also uses the xml
crate, but with a different version, the types may be incompatible.  One way to solve this is to
only use the exported types, but sometimes that is not always possible.  In those cases you should
use a version of xmltree that matches the version of xml you are using:

| xml version    | xmltree version |
|----------------|-----------------|
| 1              | 0.12            |
| 0.8            | 0.11            |
| 0.7            | 0.8             |
| 0.6            | 0.6             |


## Example

See the documentation for some examples:

https://docs.rs/xmltree/

Commit message:

chore: prepare xmltree-ns v0.12.1 for crates.io
Rename package to xmltree-ns with namespace patch

README.md, after:

xmltree-rs
==========

> [!WARNING]
> This is a fork of the "real" `xmltree` with support for attribute namespaces. For more information, see this issue: https://github.com/eminence/xmltree-rs/issues/13
>
> You should use the real `xmltree` crate instead!

[Documentation](https://docs.rs/xmltree/)

A small library for parsing an XML file into an in-memory tree structure.

Not recommended for large XML files, as it will load the entire file into memory.

https://crates.io/crates/xmltree

## Usage

Add the following to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
xmltree-ns = "0.12"
```

### Feature-flags

* `attribute-order` - change the data structure that stores attributes to one that uses insertion order. This changes the type definition and adds another dependency.

* `attribute-sorted` - change the data structure that stores attributes to one that uses sorted order. This changes the type definition.

## Compatibility with xml crate
This crate will export some types from the [xml](https://crates.io/crates/xml) crate.  If your own crate also uses the xml
crate, but with a different version, the types may be incompatible.  One way to solve this is to
only use the exported types, but sometimes that is not always possible.  In those cases you should
use a version of xmltree that matches the version of xml you are using:

| xml version    | xmltree version |
|----------------|-----------------|
| 1              | 0.12            |
| 0.8            | 0.11            |
| 0.7            | 0.8             |
| 0.6            | 0.6             |


## Example

See the documentation for some examples:

https://docs.rs/xmltree/
